# ParliamentDiagram

This is meant to be(come) a v2 of the parliamentdiagram website.
The sought improvements are:

- no more python to generate the arches, forcing it to the backend : use the typescript @parliamentdiagam packages to do it in-browser, and have a static website (except oauth)
- no more python at all : if a backend is necessary (for the oauth), it will be for NodeJS
    - that will be a hard part, but mandatory before hoping to replace the main website on the original URL
- cleaner and more maintainable code using Angular, no more content generated by DOM API : HTML, CSS and JS code each in their file types
- improve the layout maybe (using Material because of better Angular integration), though the base one isn't bad
- add a majority calculator, to simulate how each party votes and predict whether something will pass or not
    - though it will require presets pre-filled with party numbers to be really usable, so maybe it won't fit with the rest of the website

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 21.2.11.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
